How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
	It helped me because I don't have to search for the differences manually, it is faster that way
	I didn't waste time and I can use it developing my code better instead of searching for bugs

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	I would waste less time, I would learn of my way of coding seeing frequently bugs, I could prove
	other ways to face the problem and I would always have previous version 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
	Pros of manually choosing when to create a commit is that you won't have a too much extense list 
	with versions and comments that are not necessary because you have stacked in a problem, also you 
	can add a comment with an effective description 
	Cons are for example you have to remind to commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Because normally when you are coding, you have multiple files that completes a project and Google 	
	docs is not oriented to coding.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	First, git log, shows you all the commits that have been done in the file starting with the most recent
	Secondly, if you write git diff commitID_1 commitID_2, it shows difference between two commits, marking with a plus
	'+' sign lines that have been added and with a minus '-' sign, lines that have been removed.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	In each commit I will see exactly what I have removed and what I have added so, it's perfect to recognize mistakes and errors. I know I can revert this action always calling the commit before so I can make changes without trouble.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	I want to try any piece of code, I would like to make an android project for a game :)

